README.md, before:

# Jonas Review Guesser

## Overview

Jonas Review Guesser is a Chrome extension that turns Steam into a review guessing game. It hides the review count (and some other clues) on Steam store pages and asks you to guess the number of reviews instead. On top of that, it adds buttons at the top of the page that take you to completely random games on Steam, giving you a new way to browse the store, step outside your usual bubble, and gradually improve your intuition for how successful different games are.

![preview image](images/GuessExample.PNG)

### Random Game Navigation

- **Next (Raw)**
  - Sends you to a completely random Steam game.
  - Note: because this picks from *all* Steam games, you will often see:
    - Lower quality games
    - Shovelware / obscure titles
- **Next (Balanced)**
  - Sends you to a random Steam game with a bias toward “better” games.
  - This can still bring you to any game on Steam but the distribution is more biased towards better games:
    - Surfaces more recognizable / higher-quality titles more often.
    - Still maintains some variety so you don’t only see top hits.

## Limitations

It is a very simple application with many limitations:
- **Bug: ** Current version only works when your Steam is set to English.
- Somewhat hinders your normal Steam browsing experience (you need to manually turn the Plugin off).
- The database of appIDs is not automatically updated so the newer titles might not be included.
- Sometimes the extension brings you to a Steam page that is not or no longer available in your region.
- Lacking a lot of features that might be cool e.g. filtering by tag, entering the guess into a text field, etc. etc.

It is not my plan to work on this too much more so if you'd like to see these limitations resolved, fork it and do it yourself! I'd be happy to try out your version. :)

## Installation (Local Chrome Extension)

### Prerequisites

- **Google Chrome** installed.
- The extension source code downloaded:
  - Either via `git clone`:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/LooveToLoose/Jonas-Review-Guesser
    ```
  - Or by downloading a ZIP and extracting it.

### Step 1: Open Chrome Extensions Page

- In Chrome, go to:
  - `chrome://extensions/`
- Enable **Developer mode**:
  - Toggle the **Developer mode** switch in the top-right corner.

### Step 2: Load the Unpacked Extension

- Click **“Load unpacked”**.
- Select the folder containing the extension:
  - The folder that includes `manifest.json`.
- Confirm that **Jonas Review Guesser** appears in the list of extensions.

### Step 3: Set Steam language to ENGLISH!
- **Set your language to "English"!** This is crucial for the current version to work.

### Step 4: Verify It Works

- Make sure the extension is **enabled** (toggle is on).
- Open any Steam store page:
  - Check if:
    - Review counts are replaced with guess buttons.
    - The **Next (Raw)** and **Next (Balanced)** buttons appear at the top of the page.

---

## Enabling / Disabling the Extension

### Enable

- Go to `chrome://extensions/`.
- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Ensure the toggle is switched **on**.

### Disable

- Go to `chrome://extensions/`.
- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Switch the toggle **off** to temporarily disable it.
- (Optional) Click **Remove** if you want to uninstall it completely.

---

## Updating the Extension

### When You Pull New Changes (Git) or Download a New Version

- If you updated the extension files by:
  - Running `git pull` in the project folder, or
  - Replacing the folder with a newer version,

do the following:

### Step 1: Go to the Extensions Page

- Open `chrome://extensions/`.
- Ensure **Developer mode** is still enabled.

### Step 2: Reload the Extension

- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Click the **Reload** button (⟲) on the extension card.
  - This loads the latest version of the source from the folder.

### Step 3: If Something Breaks

- Disable and re-enable the extension.
- If issues persist:
  - Click **Remove**.
  - Then click **Load unpacked** again and select the updated folder.

---

## License

- Short summary:
  - Non-commercial use only.
  - Forking, modifying, and renaming allowed.
  - Giving credit is not required.
  - No warranty, no support, use at your own risk.

See the license file for more details.

## FAQ

> Will there be a Firefox version?

Only if one of you makes one.

> Can you add *(insert any feature)* to this extension?

Probably not. I'm happy to try out your version if you add any cool stuff.

> I think it should be different. I think it should be...

Okay. Just make it.

> Can you make a YouTube video guessing our Steam games?

Sure, I'll do that on my YT channel (@jonastyroller) and Discord. Sounds like a great idea.

Commit message:

Rename project to Steam Review Guesser
Updated project name and added a description of the fork.

README.md, after:

# Steam Review Guesser

## Overview

This is a fork off of Jonas Review Guesser (https://github.com/LooveToLoose/Jonas-Review-Guesser).  More options and filters are available to determine and search for the next random Steam page. 


Jonas Review Guesser is a Chrome extension that turns Steam into a review guessing game. It hides the review count (and some other clues) on Steam store pages and asks you to guess the number of reviews instead. On top of that, it adds buttons at the top of the page that take you to completely random games on Steam, giving you a new way to browse the store, step outside your usual bubble, and gradually improve your intuition for how successful different games are.

![preview image](images/GuessExample.PNG)

### Random Game Navigation

- **Next (Raw)**
  - Sends you to a completely random Steam game.
  - Note: because this picks from *all* Steam games, you will often see:
    - Lower quality games
    - Shovelware / obscure titles
- **Next (Balanced)**
  - Sends you to a random Steam game with a bias toward “better” games.
  - This can still bring you to any game on Steam but the distribution is more biased towards better games:
    - Surfaces more recognizable / higher-quality titles more often.
    - Still maintains some variety so you don’t only see top hits.

## Limitations

It is a very simple application with many limitations:
- **Bug: ** Current version only works when your Steam is set to English.
- Somewhat hinders your normal Steam browsing experience (you need to manually turn the Plugin off).
- The database of appIDs is not automatically updated so the newer titles might not be included.
- Sometimes the extension brings you to a Steam page that is not or no longer available in your region.
- Lacking a lot of features that might be cool e.g. filtering by tag, entering the guess into a text field, etc. etc.

It is not my plan to work on this too much more so if you'd like to see these limitations resolved, fork it and do it yourself! I'd be happy to try out your version. :)

## Installation (Local Chrome Extension)

### Prerequisites

- **Google Chrome** installed.
- The extension source code downloaded:
  - Either via `git clone`:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/LooveToLoose/Jonas-Review-Guesser
    ```
  - Or by downloading a ZIP and extracting it.

### Step 1: Open Chrome Extensions Page

- In Chrome, go to:
  - `chrome://extensions/`
- Enable **Developer mode**:
  - Toggle the **Developer mode** switch in the top-right corner.

### Step 2: Load the Unpacked Extension

- Click **“Load unpacked”**.
- Select the folder containing the extension:
  - The folder that includes `manifest.json`.
- Confirm that **Jonas Review Guesser** appears in the list of extensions.

### Step 3: Set Steam language to ENGLISH!
- **Set your language to "English"!** This is crucial for the current version to work.

### Step 4: Verify It Works

- Make sure the extension is **enabled** (toggle is on).
- Open any Steam store page:
  - Check if:
    - Review counts are replaced with guess buttons.
    - The **Next (Raw)** and **Next (Balanced)** buttons appear at the top of the page.

---

## Enabling / Disabling the Extension

### Enable

- Go to `chrome://extensions/`.
- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Ensure the toggle is switched **on**.

### Disable

- Go to `chrome://extensions/`.
- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Switch the toggle **off** to temporarily disable it.
- (Optional) Click **Remove** if you want to uninstall it completely.

---

## Updating the Extension

### When You Pull New Changes (Git) or Download a New Version

- If you updated the extension files by:
  - Running `git pull` in the project folder, or
  - Replacing the folder with a newer version,

do the following:

### Step 1: Go to the Extensions Page

- Open `chrome://extensions/`.
- Ensure **Developer mode** is still enabled.

### Step 2: Reload the Extension

- Find **Jonas Review Guesser**.
- Click the **Reload** button (⟲) on the extension card.
  - This loads the latest version of the source from the folder.

### Step 3: If Something Breaks

- Disable and re-enable the extension.
- If issues persist:
  - Click **Remove**.
  - Then click **Load unpacked** again and select the updated folder.

---

## License

- Short summary:
  - Non-commercial use only.
  - Forking, modifying, and renaming allowed.
  - Giving credit is not required.
  - No warranty, no support, use at your own risk.

See the license file for more details.

## FAQ

> Will there be a Firefox version?

Only if one of you makes one.

> Can you add *(insert any feature)* to this extension?

Probably not. I'm happy to try out your version if you add any cool stuff.

> I think it should be different. I think it should be...

Okay. Just make it.

> Can you make a YouTube video guessing our Steam games?

Sure, I'll do that on my YT channel (@jonastyroller) and Discord. Sounds like a great idea.
